net: lib: nrf_cloud_rest: add shadow transform request function (#16220)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/cellular/nrf_cloud_rest_fota/README.rst

CONFIG_REST_FOTA_JOB_CHECK_RATE_MIN - Update check rate
   This configuration option defines how often the sample checks for FOTA updates.

>    This value can be modified at runtime by adding/updating the ``"fotaInterval"`` item the desired config section in the device's shadow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can modify this value at runtime by adding or updating the ``"fotaInterval"`` item of the desired config section in the device's shadow.
```
